Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I
am talking with Camille Eddy.
She is a mechanical engineering
intern at a mysterious company
called X. I think it's
part of the alphabet and
a, but it was also
a machine learning into turn
at HP and worked on
robots there for a couple
of years as well. How
are you? I'm good. Thank
you. You're you're LinkedIn is
way cooler than my LinkedIn
and very nicely curated. I'm
actually gonna use your LinkedIn
as the guide to update
my own. You have done
a ton of cool stuff.
Thanks. Yeah. So your focus
has been listening to it's
kind of split in the
sense of it's robots and
electronics and mechanical engineering, but
also machine learning. Are those
separate things or are they
the same thing that worked
together? I like to think
of my kind of career
path as the idea of
integrating machine learning with robots.
So it's bringing the hardware
and the software together and
being able to shuttle that
middle line and look in
both directions and see what's
coming down the road. Hmm.
Does that mean that you
have to do like double
the work? Cause I know
people who do robots and
they think about soldering and
electronics and firmware, and I
know people who do the
software for them, but never
have to touch the physical
robot you're in the middle.
Yeah. I don't think I
have to do double the
work, but it does allow
me to kind of look
at the ideas as they're
coming down the pipeline and
start looking at how we
would implement them. So, you
know, sometimes I do work
on teams though, where a,
especially like at HP someone,
what else would come in?
And I say, this is
my vision. And they'd help
me kind of get there.
And I focus maybe more
on the hardware part while
they're focusing more on the
software part. So it allows
me to still be able
to direct some of the
vision, even as an intern,
as a very young engineering
person, but be able to,
to help. And, and then
also focus on my expertise,
which is hardware and mechanical
engineering. And you have a
degree from Boise state, but
you were, it looks like
you've gone to schools and
visited schools like MIT and
participated in different undergraduate programs
and worked at multiple schools.
Yeah, actually I don't have
my degree yet. I'm still
in the process of getting
my degree, but yeah, I'm
really big on traveling. Idaho
is a pretty small place.
It's definitely an isolating place.
So I take advantage of
every opportunity I get requests
to speak somewhere or I'll
apply to a program and
I'll definitely take the opportunity
to go outside of my
community and explore. And I
found a lot of friends
that way. And then also
learned a lot. I don't
think I really would've learned
about culture bias or artificial
intelligence and robots. If I
had just stayed in my
one community where, you know,
it's pretty self sufficient. So
being able to go outside
my community, learn from others,
hear other stories that's been
really helpful. That's a really
good point. So let's talk
about that. Let's talk about
going outside your community. So,
you know, I'm in Portland,
Oregon, which is a certain
flavor of town and you're
in Boise, which is even
more intensely a certain flavor.
What kinds of cultural bias
does one bump into when
they, when they're living in
a small town like that
and how does it affect
your life? Sure. So very
small changes tend to make
really big ripple effects. So
for example, Boise is Boise,
Idaho, and the general area
around Boise is a refugee
relocation site. So refugees, when
they're coming to America, Boise
is one of those places
that they're they're dropped off
at. And so that, for
that reason, we have a
really large refugee population, but
Boise is one of those
places where the African American
population is under 2%. So
for us, we start to
see differences in how people
interact with us. So even
if I'm walking into a
coffee shop, I can notice
some of the stigmas around
being a refugee because it's
directed at me. People think
that I'm a refugee. And
so that, that that's bad.
And I would totally wear
that mantle, but you can
start to see where people
are at, like asking you
if you know, more than
one language asking you what
country you're from, different things
like that, that pop up
a little bit more often.
And it's because of that,
just kind of slow ripple
effect, but that also provides
the opportunity to do really
great community outreach. So at
my school at Boise state,
we noticed the problems. And
so one of the things
we did to help welcome
more people was actually changed
the name of our club.
It was the black student
union and it became the
Afro black student Alliance. And
so there, we recognized coming
together, two cultures, the African
American culture and the African
culture. And that's been really
helpful to bring a sense
of identity for all students
in our schools that had
that African heritage. And again,
it makes small ripple effects
because from there now we're
visible where we're taking up
space. And I think that's
helping, at least our small
committee within the university have
a better, more inclusive atmosphere.
Now someone might hear that
story and think, Oh, well,
I mean, she's gone. She
changed the name of a
club from one thing to
another. Did that make a
ripple effect? Did people notice
and say, wait a second,
maybe I could join. Did
you have, you know, you
know, allies and accomplices, Joanne.
And did you have Africans
say, Oh, I didn't realize
this was for me because
black meant African-American, but now
I realized that it is
for me and then come
and join your club. Yeah.
There's this thing about identity
and being able to just
recognize someone's identity and say
you belong as you are.
And yeah, we definitely, the
club itself was filling this
divide and this polarization where
we would walk past, like
me and African American student
would walk past an African
student and we wouldn't say
hello to each other. We
wouldn't talk to each other.
In fact, there might even
be a little bit of
animosity and ignoring each other.
And so the small thing
helped us bridge a gap
between cultures and in a
way that said, you're welcome
with your identity. And you
don't have to take on
like the African American identity.
If you don't want to,
you don't need to assimilate
to this. You can still
retain kind of your identity
while being a part of
a greater community. And I
think that really helped, helped
us all because then also
myself, right, as more students
are coming in, you know,
where do I belong? Do
I still belong as an
African American student? So I
think both sides were able
to kind, kinda kind of
grow together. And hopefully you
get to the point where
there's a goal where everyone
talks to everyone. Then when
they walk by and respects
their, where they came from
and their identity, and everyone
can walk into a coffee
shop and you know, feel
comfortable. Exactly. And they don't
have to feel like there's
some type of like puzzle
that's too hard to solve.
Like who are you? Like,
does it matter? No, actually
it doesn't, we're actually just
having great times and, and
we all have similar interests
and we have ways that
we can learn from each
other. So I'm imagining the
person at the coffee shop.
Okay. And I'm imagining them
as a machine learning algorithm
and people are coming in
and they are training their
algorithm and developing biases that
they might have based on
a person comes in and
they say, Oh, Brown person,
do I have to deal
with their accent? Do I
have to, you know, who
is this person? Where are
they from? They they're building
a model in their minds.
And then of course you
open your mouth, which gives
them additional data that builds
their, their model. Is that
a reasonable, a reasonable sense
of what a machine learning
model might be doing if
it were a barista at
a coffee shop? Yeah. I
kinda like that. Yeah. There's
actually this conversation about data
sets and how diverse are
your data sets? So in
a more machine learning type
example, I remember I went
to a conference in San
Francisco and there was an
engineer from Pinterest and he
talked about how he had
built a model to recognize
boats, boats, boats, boats, and
that's what it was supposed
to recognize. He had a
data training set and it
wasn't as effective as when
he added a lot more
points to the satisfied. So
maybe he had a hundred
and he added a thousand
to the status set. And
then he started to see
an increased familiarity with these
objects so that it was
even more correct in that
it was spot on. So
going back to the barista
idea, not having exposure to
other cultures and other accents
might make it more of
an ordeal like, Oh, this
is unfamiliar to me. I
don't know how to, I
don't know how to understand
their intentions. I don't know
if they're happy or sad
or if they're they're, you
know, impatient, but as they
gained more exposure to them,
then they can be more
realistic in their guesses. Like,
Oh, I seen this before
and I've interacted with them.
We've had great conversations. We've
had bad conversations, but now
overall, I don't walk into
it with the wrong preconceived
notions. Cause we all have
preconceived notions about each other.
That's not going to change,
but what can change is
if we're wrong about our
guesses, You know, I feel
like you and I are
developing a very effective extended
metaphor here. Cause I, I
really am trying to think
that this works. I've had
situations where I've come into
contact with folks in my
wife's family. My wife is
African and I felt like,
gosh, maybe uncle so-and-so doesn't
like me. And then my
wife will be like, Nope,
that's just him. Right. And
then you meet more, you
know, to be, to be
an over, to be a
generalist here, you meet more
African uncles and you go,
Oh, okay, well that's how
Zimbabwean uncles act. Or I've
met a hundred now 1,012
hundred over the last 20
years. And I go, okay,
I'm pretty sure that I
have a good dataset of
how people act and how
people behave so that I'm
not going to necessarily assume
that one bad interaction ruins
the dataset. Absolutely. Yeah. That's
brilliant. Yeah. That's interesting. Okay.
So then when thinking about
machine learning and then applying
it to things like cultural
bias, if you have a
small data set, what kind
of bad stuff can happen
when you're training an algorithm?
So some of the things
I've seen pointed out before
are, you'll, you'll be wrong
of course, about your guesses.
So it will overreach another
example of overreaching though, besides
just being wrong is making
the wrong assertions. So there
is an example of this
training set called the to
back. And it was actually
a training set that was
used on the Google news
posts from a certain time
period. And they wanted to
access training set, you know,
about, about the information that
taken in from Google news.
So it basically, it, it,
it got all this data
from Google news. Like they
imported it in and they
asked a basic question, man
is to computer programmer, as
woman is to what an
answered homemaker. And this is
actual training set and a
story that you can look
up online. But the answers
that it gave were inherently
sexist. So overreached into its
answers were too simplistic. You
know, it was interpreting our
own language, our English language
and the way we write
and talk in the news
to have an overtly sexist
meaning. And that is a
very interesting problem when you're
not necessarily trying to hit,
you know, the wrong answer,
but you inadvertently do that.
You mistakenly make a social
taboo, or you're not as
progressive as you think you're
making choices that you don't
understand why you're making them.
That's kind of what can
happen if you have a
limited training. That is that
Interesting. So what about that,
that, that legendary joke, this
sounds like that legendary joke
where someone says, you know,
a child, a boy is
taken in for an operation
and the surgeon says, I
can't do this surgery. This
is my son. And then
we all go, Oh, how's
that possible? You know, it's
like, well, the surgeon is
a woman, historically that may
have been true. That's why
a riddle or a joke
like that would work. And
then if you take a
large enough dataset, that makes
that true, but it isn't
ideal or it is inherently
sexist. How do you, how
do you resolve the, it
is, you know, it has
historical truth or some surgical
truth, but it is definitely
not cool. And it's not
the kind of society that
we want to build. How
do you answer people who
might say, well, you know,
but it's kind of see
where that's true. Right? I
think that's where signaling comes
in. Like where you, you
say like what your standing
wants to be. And that's,
that's a tricky part. That's
where people might not. Can
you explain signaling? I don't
understand what that means. Yeah.
So signaling is saying, I'm
taking a stand. This is
a line in the sand
that I'm going to draw.
And I want to be
on this side of the
line. I want my world
to be better. And that's
where I think the power
and the influence of engineers
come in is because we're
creating paradigms are creating trends
before it even goes out
to mass distribution, before it
even goes out to public.
How I design my product
to interact with someone's culture
or what someone's body sees
is going to set. It's
actually maybe even going to
set what truth is for
the next 10 to 20
years, I product is going
to be used based on
how P how my, my
product is interpreting information and
using information and giving that
to people because we believe
what we see. So that's
where you can signal and
say, this is what I
want life to be. And
that's where people get, you
know, if the, you know,
that's tricky, you're, you're studying
set, setting, ethical standards that
maybe I don't necessarily agree
with, but I think it's
something that even if we
don't like that, we have
to make that choice. We
shouldn't act like we're not
making those choices every day.
We are making choices about
who we're excluding and including
every day. And it's better
to go into that intentionally
versus just letting whatever happened
happened. Okay. That's, that's, that's
very, that's a very good
explanation. So then signaling is
imposing our, our, our ideal
scenario, our belief system onto
the model and steering it
correctly. It might go in
determine that, you know, babies
are a great source of
protein or something bizarre like
that, which may or may
not be true. And babies
are cute and I want
to eat their cheeks, but
still we know don't eat
babies. Right, Right. We have,
we have our own standard
and our own blood filters
for what's right. And what's
wrong. And we can still
impose it. I heard two
good examples of machine learning,
gone wrong that I thought
I'd run by you. One
of them was someone trying
to train an image recognition
system to, to figure out
Russian tanks versus us tanks.
But then when they did
it out in the real
world, it failed. And it
turned out that all the
pictures of the U S
tanks were taken in the
daytime and all the Russian
tanks were at night. So
all they did was teach
the thing how to tell
day from night. Yes. Oh,
they do. That's a wonderful
example. Another example I heard
was university of Washington, their
mascot is the Huskies. And
they had researchers that wanted
to detect Huskies from dogs.
So they put it through
an algorithm test and it
was super accurate. And so
they said, Oh, this is
a Husky. This is a
dog. And it was correct.
But then they came to
look at what it did
to make those decisions. And
they found out that they
had made a really good
snow detector. If there was
snow, it was a Husky.
And if there wasn't, it
was a dog. I see.
Yeah. Yeah. That's another one
that did the same exact
thing where they were training
the subway platform to see
whether it has people or
not, but they forgot that
the wall clock was visible.
So they just taught the
law, the model, how to
read the clock. Oh, that's
amazing. So that leads into
transparency and that transparency in
AI is actually an up
and coming technology you can
think of, but that's the
technology now. And what it
seeks to do with what
this particular technology seeks to
do is to understand why
your algorithm makes the choice
that it makes. So the
example I usually give when
I'm giving a talk is
I'll take a picture of
a speed sign and say,
you have an image recognition
software. That's using machine learning
and it's supposed to detect
the speed sign and how
it works is it breaks
up the speed science, recognizable
parts. Like I recognize the
font. I recognize bold the
bold lettering, like the black
on white. I recognize like
the general layout of it.
I recognize that there's a
five and they're, what's the
word speed. So these little
parts are broken up and
put into this, think of
it like a database. Then
it makes a prediction of
whether it's a speed sign
or it's not a speed
sign. And from there you
get accuracy, like, so this
many times it gets the
right number. It has this
amount of accuracy. So what
explainable AI does, and it
seeks to pull out that
database, what it used to
make those choices in order
to say that it was
a speed sign or not.
And that's really important. Something
that we haven't really thought
about as of yet is
why did our algorithm make
the choice that it made?
Why wasn't affirmative? Why was
it negative? And sometimes like
in the examples we just
showed, it's not actually basing
it on what we think
it's basing it on. And
it can still have a
great accuracy, but not necessarily
be detailed on the details
that we want it to
be. Okay. So if I
understand that correctly, right now,
we think of AI and,
and we, we, the, the
non machine learning experts like
yourself, me just regular programmer.
It's like, there's a function.
And there's a giant brain
that I don't understand. And
I tell it stuff and
a true or false comes
out. Right. It's very mysterious.
It's very black box. This
is a cat. Okay. Computer
all-knowing computer. Thank you for
the information. That is a
cat. It's totally not a
cat, right? Yeah. So then
you're saying explainable, AI would
be like, it's a cat,
it's got furry, it's got
whiskers, it's got claws. And
it's got those point of
years that, that's why I
think it's a cat. And
then we could say, well,
you were close, but not
really, which really means it's
like, we're teaching little children.
Exactly. And one of the
ways that it can be
used today is actually in
social media because we interact
with algorithms all the time
on like Facebook I'm on
Instagram, I'm on Google. And
what they could do here
in transparency is actually show
users why they see the
search results they see. So
for example, on Facebook, we
tend to think what's on
the internet is true. Right.
But as in the case
of all the reasons, right,
as in the case of
all the recent elections and
the stuff that we're going
around there, what if we
knew why it popped up
on our feed? What if
we knew if it was
something, it was an ad.
If it was paid by
a certain organization to show
up in our need, what
if we knew that it
was because we're friends with
this particular person and this
particular person likes this. If
we could control those lovers
a little bit and say,
well, instead of just offering
me, like, for example, on
Google, instead of just offering
things to me, things that
reiterate my own worldview, go
ahead and offer me things
that challenged my worldview as
well, so that I can
see that because we know
that as we click more
on social media, on Facebook,
on Google, it's trained to
give us more of what
we want to see, but
we can maybe change it
and say like, give me
more of what I don't
want to see. Can we
something else, give me something
based on my geographical location
versus not my geographic location,
things like that. Right. That's
really interesting. So I know
as I travel and I
know as I go on
Amazon and I look at
stuff, and then I find
Facebook trying to sell me
that stuff, that stuff I
can, as a non technical
user, determine that, okay, it
must be showing me nails
because I was looking at
a nail gun on Amazon.
Like I can figure that
causality there, but like lately
I've been interested in climate
change. And I believe that,
you know, we, we humans
have caused climate change, did
it, you know, we've done
it. So then I noticed
that all of the things
in Facebook are agreeing with
me. Like you said, I'd
be interested in a challenging
article. That's that, that, that
said here is the science
against climate change, but not
like a big fake news
article about someone's rant and
opinion. I would like a
legitimate action. There must be
a scientist who doesn't think
it's the case. Sure. If
they could offer that and
tell me, this is a
challenging point to your view
that, you know, why are
we not seeing transparency in
AI? That's you're describing what
exactly what I want. Exactly.
I think it would be
really fun. It would, I
think it would get people
engaged with the site even
more, because then they're also
fine tuning their, their choices
and, and looking at it.
And this idea, I got
this idea from Eli Pariser
who gave a Ted talk,
a brilliant Ted talk on
filter bubbles. And so he
talks about this idea more,
and I really suggest anyone
interested in this idea more
to go check out his
Ted talk. I will add
a link to Eli Pariser.
He is the chief executive
at Upworthy, which is a
place that has used AI.
So smartly that they create
a huge amount of viral
content. Right. Interesting. Yeah. I
feel like is you think
we're moving to that world?
Are we going to get
this level of, of transparency
or, or is there a
reason for them to not
give us transparency and in
AI, I think it depends
on how viral Eli's talk
goes. Right? I think these
are ideas that live in
these bodies and lives in
the people's minds. And if
they're not in the, if
they're not where they can
influence these decisions at these
bigger tech companies, and again,
we're right back to technology
being used to influence the
future world, to be able
to draw that line in
the sign to signal. If
we don't have people right
now in our technology companies
signaling, this is the side
of the line that they
want to be on. It's
going to be really hard
to see that happen because
you don't have these ideas
up there. So it's, that's
why it's really important to
not only have, you know,
your developers be diverse, your
executives be diverse, but also
your users to be diverse.
And to give that feedback,
if we could somehow make
this pipeline and this feedback
loop really short and more,
more effective, then we could
see that happen. But it
really depends on where these
ideas exist and how much
influence the people who have
these ideas actually have to
change the world around them.
I saw a video on
Twitter where it was a
Nigerian guy who was in
a bathroom trying to dry
his hands. And I was
watching it and the dryer
wasn't turning. And I was
like, man, what is this?
I'm kind of prank. And
then out of the side
of the frame, a white
guy's hands came in and
it totally worked. And then
the Nigerian guy tried to
do it again. It didn't
work. And, you know, as
a white guy with white
hands, I, it took me,
it took the white guy
doing it for me to
go, Whoa, that's a problem
because I can't personally, I'm
sure that's the fact that
none of us can get
the water thing to work.
I've never been able to
get the bat. You know,
we just know those don't
work for anyone, but from
the dryers perspective, I've never
had any problem at all
with automatic dryers. Is that,
is that a trained model?
Is that something that like,
was it lack of user
testing? I think it depends.
Right? So light reflects maybe
off of your skin different
than is as a black
woman. And, but there's definitely
cases where different, you know,
the way you develop and
the science that's behind it,
right? The physics and the
lights interaction is different. And
so maybe they didn't have
a diverse, like physical user
base to test to see,
like in poor lighting, will
this work as well. A
really cool researcher named joy,
Bo Amina. She was at
the MIT media lab. She
had research where she was
trying to work with a
social robot that uses a
face recognition camera. And she
was, she's also a black
female in research and she
wasn't able to be able
to be detected by her
own experiment, that it wouldn't
recognize her face. She actually
had to wear a white
mask in order to complete
her research. And she actually
shows a video. Her website
is called the algorithmic justice
league, very cool website. And
she shows a video of
the example of her. She
saw it in the camera,
in the camera's view without
the mask, and then put
the mask on and then
it detected her. Or one
of her colleagues would sit
in the camera, her, her
white colleagues was suing the
camera. It would detect them.
Then she'd go into the
camera view and then wouldn't
detect her. So very these,
these kind of examples pop
up every once in a
while where something just doesn't
connect. And it creates a
different experience for people who
have different skin tones. Yeah.
When, when the Microsoft connect
first came out many, many
years ago, my kids weren't
going to be two or
three, two or three. None
of my family or my
Brown kids could be seen
by the connect. But then
a call went out for
a more diverse user base.
They retrain the algorithm. It
wasn't a hardware issue. It
was a algorithmic issue. And
now the connect works just
fine. And we have things
like the iPhone X, which
has facial recognition, which I'm
sure I'm sure that in
today's in today's world, they
probably did a lot of
testing on all kinds of
people. Very interesting problem. Yeah.
And I'm glad to see
that they seem to have
looked at that looked at
that case case scenario. And
another example is when there
was an example in Google
photos, it was one of
their apps and it was
built, you know, like Facebook
and other Google apps that
detects faces and it accidentally
detected this one person's face.
It was an African American
male with an African American
female and it detected them
as gorilla. So instead of
gripping them as people, I
group them with the header
and the tag gorillas, and
that was, that's like a
really big full pie. And
one of the ways I
kind of came to understand
that problem was it couldn't
understand that even though they
had darker facial features that
it wasn't to go into
this category. And that again
goes back to having much
broader training sets. Even if
you have a couple of
people of color in your
training set, that might not
be enough, you really do
need to take a better
look at expanding your data
sets. And then, so when
I usually say that I
get questions like, well, that
still seems like, you know,
that might be too much.
Like you're having to really
reach for that. And again,
it's about signaling and saying
like, Hey, this is actually
what we want to do.
We want to provide a
great experience for everyone and
we don't want this to
happen. So instead of just
figuring our ways around this.
So for example, the initial
fix for that issue that
I just described was to
remove the guerrilla tag from
all photo. So nothing could
ever be tagged photos, but
instead of doing that, we
can actually be intentional in
how we expand our data
sets and being able to
provide that great experience for
them. Right. That might be
the appropriate PR maneuver to
shut it down immediately. But
you're right. The right answer
is a dataset and, and
w with a sensitive issue
like that. And in fact,
my friend is the gentleman
who had that happened. My,
my buddy, Jackie. So I,
I know Jackie, I, I
know about this situation and
this became a big deal
in Google photos a couple
of years ago. And you
have to be careful when
you're an engineer, don't you?
Because you could say, well,
actually I can see because
of the low contrast and
the color that, you know,
I could see where you
might think that, I mean,
they clearly are, look like
humans to anyone, but you
can, you can see why
the computer thought that. So
it would be nice to
have them that explainable artificial
intelligence to tell you why
it thought that, but there
are certain things that you
just can't do, their social
mores. Like you said, it's
just a line you don't
cross. And that's a good
example, which isn't Chrissy Tiegen
see a weird thing recently
with AI. Did you hear
about that? No. Can you
tell me about it? So
Chrissy Tiegen is John Legend's
wife, right? And she is
a kind of a geek
and she does all kinds
of cool geeky stuff. And
she was goofing around in
her Apple photos and discovered
that she could search for
Brazil ear and found all
kinds of awkward photos of
her, like getting dressed and
trying on outfits and stuff
like that. But the word
bra had zero. So she
started to think about, maybe
they've blocked the word bra
and underwear, and they kind
of the obvious stuff, but
they didn't Mark the full
word Brazil. And then people
confirmed that and went out
and said, Oh my goodness,
I can, if I search
for Brazil, there's all these
pictures of me getting dressed
and trying outfits on. And
like, I don't want those
kinds of photos to be,
to be searchable. Why is
brought not available, but there
is somebody didn't think about
that. Someone consciously removed one
and not the other. And
we're going to find I'm
sure dozens and dozens, if
not hundreds of those kinds
of things, as we train
more and more systems. Yeah.
I think that's totally true.
And that's really why it's
important to get more users
into our data sets. But
then also to start thinking
about the millions and millions
of people that are not
online right now, I mean,
there's a large portion of
our like planet, the world
of human beings on the
world that are not on
the internet right now from
whether or not they're facing
a disaster, you know, like
Puerto Rico or they're just
actually not online, like a
rural area in Africa, they
have smart phones, but maybe
they don't have the full
access to internet like we
do. And there are many
populations in our world. If
you think about like the
rainforest areas or anything like
that, that don't have access
to the internet. And then
that means that our human
experience really hasn't fully been
captured by the world and
by the internet, by social
media. And so we probably
don't truly understand how rich
our lives can be and
how much more information that
we're missing. Things that we
don't know. We don't know
that can be captured by
our technology experience. And so
that's something to keep in
mind as they start to
come online. As we start
to see more of these
communities come online, we might
have holes in our products.
I can't serve them. And
they're the best people to
know, you know, how these
products should be designed to
serve and to include their
communities as well. That's really
great. Yeah. I hope that
we make machine learning algorithms
that work, not just for
the people who have connectivity,
but for the next billion
that come after them, that
may not necessarily look like
you and me. Exactly. Great.
Well, thank you so much
for chatting with me today.
Thank you. It's been great.
It's really fun. We've been
talking with Camille Eddy, and
this has been another episode
of Hansel minutes. We'll see
you again next week.